**[Week 0](https://courses.edx.org/courses/course-v1:HarvardX+CS50+X/courseware/bdc606f10e7347f6a61a341c4544bbf7/179cbcd8dbbb4ac39d922c40d5c06ced/1?activate_block_id=block-v1%3AHarvardX%2BCS50%2BX%2Btype%40vertical%2Bblock%4072e5a271987e4c26bed8827435235ef0)**
* When David was just starting his undergraduate career and considering Computer Science as a field, he too had some perceptions that it was primarily coding alone, and that everyone around him would already know more than he did.  
* what ultimately matters in this course is not so much where you end up relative to your classmates but where you, in Week 11, end up relative to yourself in Week 0  
*  Sat/Unsat is an option for Harvard students taking a course where they don't want to worry about their actual grade affecting their GPA. It's the same as "pass/fail". If you do enough work to pass, you get a Sat. Otherwise, you don't.It doesn't apply to anyone taking this class via edX( from Reddit)  
*  We can count in unary with our hands, by raising one finger for each number we count. So one hand can count up to five.  
*  A series of bits, that represent the numbers 72 73 33 might be the characters H I ! in ASCII, but could also be interpreted by graphics programs as a color.  
* In computer science, a common theme is abstraction, where we start by taking ideas to solve simple problems, and layering these solutions until we can build more and more interesting applications.  
*In fact, when we write algorithms to solve problems, we need to think about cases when something unexpected happens. For example, the input might not be within the range of what we expect, so our computer might freeze or come up with an incorrect solution.  
*Our last algorithm is a different shape, with time to solve growing more and more slowly as the size of the problem increases, since we are dividing the problem in half with each step. So an increase from 1000 to 2000 pages only requires one more step to solve.  
